.TH Cheatshh 1 "May 2024" "Typeinc Manual" "Typein Manual Page"
NAME
    Typeinc - An amazing ncurses based Terminal UI for testing your typing speed on various difficulty levels with a cool.

SYNOPSIS
    tyepinc [OPTION]
    typeinc -v, --version

DESCRIPTION
    Tyepinc, an ncurses based tool, is your goto terminal tool to play around with your typing speed with various difficulty levels.
    You get an amazing UI for typing keyboard giving you a feel of both typewriters and keyboards.
    Get your Tyepinc score and boast to your pals of your speed. Dream to achieve a Granddtypaa!

OPTIONS
    -h, --help
        To see the help window.
    -s, --score
        Submit figures to calculate hypothetical typeinc score.
    -w, --words
        To get random english words present in our wordlist.
    

FILES
    Typeinc uses English words taken from a `wordlist.txt` file with more tha 7500 English words.
    The UI and code handling is done in python using ncurses library.
    The configurations of result, testing text, UI, etc. are present in configurations directory.

NOTES
    Typeinc let's you test your typing speed, from regular to God level difficulty level, from difficulty
    level of -infinity to +infinity. We provide a range of difficulty level based on which you are graded and
    given a score. 
    Here is a detailed summary of the Difficulty level division.
        - Level <= 0 : Super Easy (Regular) (SE)
        - 0 < Level <= 2 : Easy (E)
        - 2 < Level <= 4 : Normal (N)
        - 4 < Level <= 6 : Hard (H)
        - 6 < Level <= 9 : Super Hard (SH)
        - 9 < Level <= 10 : Insane (I)
        - 10 < Level < 20 : Super Insane (SI)
        - 20 <= Level < 50: BRUH (X)
        - 50 <= Level < 100: SUPER BRUHH (X2)
        - 100 <= Level < 500: DAMNN BRUHHH!! (XX)
        - 500 <= Level < 1000: U ROCK BRUHHH! (XX2)
        - 1000 <= Level: GOD BRUH!!! (SXX)
    
    The grading system differs for each difficulty level chosen and so is your score. The higher the difficulty level,
    more the score you will obtain. Visit the official Github page at https://github.com/AnirudhG07/Tyepinc for understanding
    the grading system for each difficulty level.
    
    Note: All the grading, difficulty level, tyepinc score is devised by AnirudhG07. It has not been taken from anywhere
    and all the numbers set has been made from a fair system and intuition. If you feel like it should be updates, feel free
    to raise an issue on the Github page, with a valid mathematical reasoning. Thank you!
    
EXAMPLES
    To take the test of typeinc.

        $ typeinc
        
    To calcute a hypothetical score, you would have to submit various values.

        $ typeinc -c

    To get random english words from our wordlist.

        $ typeinc -w <positive_integer>
    
DEPENDENCIES
    Tyepinc requires python version >= 3.9 and ncurses library present in your python version.

AUTHOR
    Typeinc was written by Anirudh Gupta.
    Visit <https://github.com/AnirudhG07/Typeinc> for more information.
